[ Music ]
>> Regina Meredith: Throughout
the last few centuries,
angels have been depicted
as human beings with wings,
but what if those beautiful
orbs that show up in photographs
and that many of us see with our
naked eye are the real angels?
Author Stuart Pierce says
that they are here
surrounding us all the time
and are simply waiting to
be addressed and called
up if we wish to
have their help.
He has an interesting personal
history with the angels
and a circuitous path to
sharing this information with us
through his book, "The
Angels of Atlantis."
And that's a very
intriguing title on its own.
I haven't seen anything
out there that alies them
with Atlantis specifically.
And your book is so
beautifully done.
>> Stewart Pearce:
Oh, thank you.
>> Regina Meredith: Clearly
you're a perfectionist
in your studies, but
also it's not just that,
it's that they've spoken
to you through your heart,
really since you were
a very young child.
So as our audience gets
to know you a little bit,
let's talk about
your first experience
with angels back as a wee one?
And also, I could just sit
here and listen to you.
I wish I didn't have
to do an interview.
I wish you could
just tell us stories.
I love your voice.
>> Stewart Pearce: Once upon a
time there was a fairy prince.
So once upon a time, there
was a child, namely myself,
and we shared prior to coming
on camera about meeting Michael,
Archangel Michael
that is, when I was 6,
but actually there was
something that preceded that.
Because I can remember,
I never, ever,
ever felt as though I wasn't
surrounded by an angelic form
but now, the consiousness
of the 2,
3-year old who really
didn't speak very much
but was just simply
consumed by the wonderment
of what it was to
be a human being.
I believe that's what
it was all about.
But I always felt that
there was this presence
in the space wherever I was.
Even in sleeping consciousness,
I felt that there
was something there,
which of course now I
appreciate the vastness
of the morphogenetic field,
the vastness of consciousness.
>> RM: Yes.
>> SP: But I felt these
light beings coming
through all the time; however,
the first major administration
was,
as I shared with you
earlier, when I was 6,
and I remember standing
outside this building
which I was very affected
by because the emination was
so rich, and I remember
turning to my mother
and saying, "Where are we?"
And she said, "This is a
church, and it's dedicated
to Michael and all angels."
And there was this large --
it was a modern sculpture --
not a modern sculpture;
I mean, it was post-war,
post Second World War --
sculpture on the side of
this church, and this being
as it were, looked to me
and as it were, winked.
But what I heard within my
6-year-old consciousness was,
"I will always be
with you, remember."
>> RM: Yes.
>> SP: And that is indeed true,
and Michael has steered my path
through a very extraordinary
process
up to this point, really.
>> RM: But Michael isn't
necessarily a beautiful,
blond-haired Caucasian?
>> SP: No, not at
all, not at all.
>> RM: I'm saying, you know,
the way the angels are depicted.
>> SP: Yeah, exactly, exactly,
and so to pick up the theme
of what you set for us in your
introduction, that I never,
ever saw the angels as a
human being with wings,
looking in there like as
you say, a blonde Caucasian,
or indeed, an angel
with black skin,
or yellow skin or red skin.
These beings were always
extraordinary connumbs of light,
or these brilliant orbs, which
I learned early were plasmic
forces that they were
refractions of photonic light,
that they said, "We are
plasma, we are made of fire,
Just as you are made of star
seed, we are made of fire
and therefore we have a
lineage that is corresponding.
It's just that your physical
form is somewhat different
to us."
>> RM: And that was very
validating for myself,
and I think will be for many,
many people watching this,
because I often see these orbs.
I see certain colors of
orbs around certain people,
and when certain
truths are being spoken,
a very specific type of
orb and color comes in,
and I had always thought
"Gee, what a shame.
I'd love to see those
angels with wings."
And that's not how I see it.
Just as you say, columns
of light and orbs.
So this isn't that
we're deficient
in some way in our inner sight.
>> SP: Yeah, it's very
interesting, isn't it,
because now we're becoming
more aware of all phenomenon.
>> RM: Yes.
>> SP: And vastly aware
because of digital photography.
But I do remember way before the
digital photography scene became
the fashionable thing, or
became within our attention,
where the angel said to me,
"What do you know
about angelology?"
And the tone was
almost scornful.
I was chastened.
And so what I did was to spend
as much time as possible in some
of the great libraries
of the world,
really delving into angelology.
And there are some very
considerable living mystics
that were very useful to me,
such as the wonderful
Rubin Sheldrick,
writing about angelololic field.
And this unique conversation
that he had with Matthew Faulks,
whose teaching I
absolutely admire.
However, there I was in
these world great libraries,
and reading about Hildegard
of Bingen and reading
about Dionysus the Areopagite
and John on the Cross.
And they all said
angels are orbs of light.
They were seeing orbs of light.
>> RM: Thank you.
>> SP: So when was
Hildegard living?
12th century?
>> RM: Mm-hm.
>> SP: So it's apparent
that there is something very
extraordinary about the geometry
of the orb, or at least
the circular manifestation.
And I understand in terms
of sacred acoustics,
that very high vibrations of
sound are also cyclic or orblike
when they move from the wavelike
manifestation that we see
into the very higher
frequencies.
Now, I'm not a scientist, so
if anybody's listening to this
and has corroboration of
what that's all about,
I'd be very interested.
>> RM: Well, you've
had corroboration
and photographs, certainly.
>> SP: Indeed, true,
just purely for sound.
>> RM: And many people have.
I have also taken photographs
of this nature and people look
at it and they say, "just some
issue of play with the light."
>> SP: Yes.
>> RM: Now, tell us why
that is absolutely not true.
>> SP: Well, of course on
occasion I believe it is.
>> RM: But not with...
>> SP: But it would be...
>> RM: We're going to
see some in a minute...
maybe you...
>> SP: We'll see
some photographs,
because people are very kindly
have heard about the authority
of the witness that
I bring forth
through these 12
extraordinary angels.
So therefore semi-photographs,
and often very ordinary
photographs in their bedrooms,
and I very kindly exchanged
with them and said, "well,
thank you very much, indeed."
But actually what I'm really
looking for is something
like this but in
a refined context,
not from any social class
point of view but just purely
and simply in terms of
seeking photographs that are
within sacred space,
so that we actually see
that these immense beings, these
orb wanderers, the shining ones,
come forth at this
time, because they wish
to venerate the whole substance
of what it is to be human,
to be divine in flesh,
which is also why they work
through the vibration
of sound so much...
>> RM: Right.
>> SP ...because
of course we know
that in the beginning
was the Word
and the Word was made
flesh and well among us.
And so originally of course,
that was in the beginning
was sound.
It's just that we...
>> RM: It's just another
dimension of that frequency.
>> SP: Absolutely, that locos.
>> RM: Yes.
>> SP: Exactly.
>> RM: Well, could we take a
look at a few of those orbs?
>> SP: Yeah.
>> RM: Really some
excellent ones.
>> SP: Be wonderful.
>> RM: Let's take a look.
This one, now, this
isn't a classic orb.
THis is more the column of
light you were speaking of.
>> SP: Yes, this was a lady that
I met, a client many years ago,
so this is before the advent
of digital photography,
and she came to me in a very
bad state, a very poorly state,
in fact, with the possibility
of terminal disease.
And I saw within her and above
her this radiating light,
rather like this stream that
we see, this beam that we see,
and I knew it to be Raphael.
I felt the consciousness
of Raphael around me.
And so you know,
viewers may say, well,
what was that all about?
And it is an intuitive aligning
within one's own consciousness
of just simply, the ideas
as it were, are within us,
and then one feels the
intimacy of the angel coming in,
so to speak, and it -- I
suppose it's akin to anybody
that one really feels
vibrational correspondence with,
and so you know the identity
within the vibration,
its essence.
>> RM: And so this photograph,
which was taken in --
by someone else entirely...
>> SP: This was 20 years
ago, very innocently.
>> RM: Very innocently taken
perfectly reflected what you
were seeing in her at
that time in this...
>> SP: And she was in complete
remission in this point,
so it was always like a divine
celebration of the wonderment
of what her journey had
been all about, and indeed,
as we were talking about,
the more collective use of
or the more collective
representation
of the way the orbs function.
>> RM: Let's take a
look at a couple more.
I find them so beautiful.
In this one, now,
let's talk about that.
>> SP: It's extraordinary.
>> RM: This is extraordinary.
>> SP: I can't remember
exactly where it is.
It's obviously an oceanographic
scene, but it was sent to me
by I believe, a lady
in Australia,
and obviously we can see
where the setting sun is,
but the very fact that there
is this very large orblike
manifestation on the right,
in this beautiful isocitrine,
citrus -- cerise pink rather...
>> RM: Cerise pink, yes.
>> SP: ...which for me is always
the resonation of chamaille,
the great guide, who comes
forth in a pink or lilac form.
>> RM: It's interesting,
because it's almost,
depending on the time of
day, the after color you see
if you're staring -- which you
shouldn't stare too long --
but if you're looking
at the sun and look away
or close your eyes,
it's almost like that
but it's happening
simutaneously.
>> SP: Yes, exactly.
>> RM: And let's
take a look at...
>> SP: And then there's the
smaller orb, which is yellow...
>> RM: Right on top of it.
>> SP: ...which is almost in the
center, which is extraordinary.
>> RM: Yes.
And let's take a
look at another.
>> SP: And this was actually
April of this year, 2013,
with a group of people
that very kindly had come
with me on retreat to Egypt.
This is something that I
do twice or thrice a year.
And this is the Temple of
Karnak, and we were talking
about metatronic energy,
and I said, "Well,
Metatron is above my head."
People said, "Where?
Where? Where?"
And this photograph was taken
in a very innocent
way, and there it was.
Nobody could see it for
me, but there is Metatron,
providing extraordinary
teaching.
>> RM: Yes, and okay, do we
have maybe one more or two more?
Oh, yes, I love this one.
>> SP: Ah, Ah, this is amazing.
Yes, this was taken
in the Vatican,
when we saw these
extraordinary orbs, and so these
in fact are the 12 Angels of
Atlantis that have come for.
I saw them as color, but here
we -- I suppose on this side --
I don't know if the
viewers can see --
is a refraction of violet light,
which is all these
blue violet...
>> RM: Mm-hm, yes,
you can see it,
circling around it
and coming down.
>> SP: ...which is
Gabriel energy.
But yes, there are
12 imprints here.
That's astonishing, I feel.
>> RM: That really.
I love these photographs, and
also I find them very confirming
of things that I have felt
to be true, so I thank you
for sharing them with us.
>> SP: My pleasure.
>> RM: Now we need to
get back to your journey.
Okay, you were 6 years old.
You understood this since
the time you were a wee one.
So how did that relationship
with the angels then
refine itself?
They told you, go
out into the world
and learn what you
can about angelology.
>> SP: So that was
obviously not when I was 6.
>> RM: Yeah, much
later, much later.
>> SP: Yeah, yeah.
>> RM: And then how did the
communication refine itself
over time?
>> SP: They were ever
present, but something else
into being from 6 through to 26.
And that was dealing with
3D, which is something
that I found challenging,
largely as a result of that fact
that I couldn't do what most
people seemed to be able to do.
And I had no problem with that,
frankly, but the world seemed
to have a problem with it.
My teachers had a
problem with it.
So what this means is
that I was synesthetic,
and could not read
before the age of 14,
largely through the inspiration
of my mother, who said --
I was always singing, so I
was always enchanted by sound,
by the spoken and
the sung sound.
And she had the ingenuity of
placing me in a church choir.
And what I did, I
would ape the boys,
standing in the little rough
and surplus and so forth,
with the book here,
looking very cute, I guess,
and I would just
simply ape the boys.
I didn't know what I was
reading, but eventually,
through the magic of sound, with
the magic of this great music,
singing Handel's Messiah,
or whatever it was,
that I would see that the
notes were a topography
and that the word
was written either
above the note or
below the note.
So I began to read singing
and then read speaking.
So that's a little illustration
of the learning challenges
that I had.
There were others to do,
enumeracy and so forth.
However, it seemed that I
was displeasing my teachers
and certainly my father,
and the only thing
that was ever complimented for
or gained at probation with
or for, was the fact that
I would tell stories.
And people kept saying,
"Why don't you be an actor?"
And I thought, well, maybe
I should be an actor.
So eventually, I found a way
of really becoming involved
in the arts as an actor,
and that's something
that as an adult,
as a young adult,
then I did for about 8
years, and was very fortunate
and actually came and spent
time on this great island
of North America
and had great fun.
>> SP: But along
that, alongside that,
there was obviously some
deeper resonance with voice,
besides the fact that you
just have a beautiful voice
and perfect allocution.
There was something
else going on,
because this was now
starting to interface
with the angelic
realm, was it not?
>> RM: Well, what's
interesting...
>> SP: And you were being
used almost as an instrument.
>> RM: They were always there.
It's just that they
were there as it were,
in the periphery of
my consciousness.
I believe that what
I was trying to do,
having spent a very
sacred childhood and living
in very extraordinary
accommodations
as well although...
>> SP: Let's talk about
that for a moment,
if you just give
people a little glimpse
of what your life
was like early on?
>> RM: So okay, so my
parents were royal servants,
which meant that my father
had a high-ranking position
in the Duke Vandenberg's
household,
which meant that we were given
grace and favor accommodation.
I think it was the first 6 years
that we had an apartment in one
of the palaces in London,
and they were given a house.
So it was an extremely
privileged time
to be happy tubes, so
to speak, with members
of the Royal Family, and
I have an infinite respect
for the substance of the way
that these people live their
lives, and indeed, the symbol
and the emblem of their
extraordinary gifts
of grace to us.
But yes, it was a very
extraordinary childhood,
but I really was trying to
concentrate on what is it
to be human, because it seemed
that I spent so much time
out of my body as a young one,
that it was a question of,
they were always just
there in the periphery.
And it was really when I made
the transition in my late 20s,
early 30s, when I'd auditioned
very successfully for a film,
and I was about to move to
Los Angeles to make this film,
and the telephone
rang and the Wheel
of Fortune literally
spun around, clunk,
and those extraordinary moments
when everything stands still,
and I knew something
immense was about to happen.
And the telephone call was
from my brother, who said,
"Are you sitting down?
You need to know, our
mother's got terminal cancer."
And I was so shocked by that
that I felt the most
important thing was to go back
to the United Kingdom
and look after her,
which I did, so I
let the film go.
And that's when everything
started changing,
because when you're dealing
with one of the dearest beings
of your life, indeed
your own mother,
who was a very extraordinary
woman who taught nobility
and grace and unconditional love
-- she embodied it implicitly --
that this was a very
shocking state.
So the heightened
nature of the way
that I was emotionally tuned
me back into my psyche,
So that that I'd effectively
switched off from as a child,
as a small child, I
spoke about what I saw
and my father was
very displeased in me.
So I thought the easiest
thing to do was to shut up.
And here I was switching
back on.
And then eventually she
passed, and when she passed,
the grief set in,
because during the bout
with cancer one remains
very strong.
I think it's a pretty classic
behavioral statement for people
to make, just keep going, just
keep going, just keep going.
And then when she'd
gone I caved in.
And I always remember the
moment when I really caved in
and let grief take me over,
this huge tsunami hit me,
and the room was filled with
this extraordinary emanation,
and I heard within me, "I
will always be with you,"
and indeed she is
always with me.
And so from that moment onward,
I was asked to profess a
statement of joy with my life
and to use the grief
meaningfully to open
up emphathy, to open up
compassion, to open up sympathy,
and that's when the
angels step back in.
But it was really not until 1987
during the harmonic convergence,
when something profound shifted
within my cellular
consciousness,
and that's when I
met them full-time.
>> SP: Do you think that --
I mean, we all have
potential alternate timelines,
and alternate realities?
>> RM: Mm-hm.
>> SP: Even that we could
be living, simultaneously.
That said, do you think that
the event that took you back
to your mother, and staying
with her and nurturing her
through her end of her
physical life here, do you think
that that was actually a
preferred timeline for you --
rather than going into
acting in America,
to be able to bring
these talents --
or not these talents --
to be able to bring that deep
resonance through in a new way,
that was going to
be used for healing?
>> RM: Yes.
Yes. Yes. I was being prepared.
>> SP: Yes.
>> RM: Because that
was a vast initiation.
>> SP: Yes.
>> RM: And therefore for the
last -- she died in '79, '80,
so for the last 33 years
-- interesting it's 33 --
that I'd interfaced
with female cancer.
And I am in service to
the divine feminine;
what I mean by that is the
arousal of the feminine,
divine feminine consciousness,
which we are evoking
in our presence by
the grace of the heart
and by really truly embodying
what unconditional love is
all about.
So the work that I'm
really engaged in in terms
of that deep resonance,
I believe,
is about really feeling
how feeling is a langauge
of the soul, enters into
the whole of our beings,
but at the same time we
make intelligent choices
about the way that we feel, so
that we're not caving into woe.
We see it as an amazing teacher,
and therefore we move
from woe into joy.
Indeed, I think it was
William Blake who said,
"Joy and woe are woven fine a
clothing for the soul divine,
when in this he rightly know,
safely through the world he go."
And so his metaphysics
in the 18th century,
teaching us where we are today,
which is this recognition
of nothing is singular,
everything is plural,
and that when we're
actually feeling joy
and woe there is
a medium current
that if we're literally sitting
in, that we have the choice
to be the master mistress
of our own destiny.
That's when we truly
become sorcerors.
>> SP: So that is what
happened with you.
And so now your mother
has safely passed over.
You've gone through
this experience,
you now reunited permanently
with the angelic realm,
and you have an opportunity
to take an assignment,
which I just think is wonderful
-- I'm speaking of Margaret.
>> RM: Oh, yeah.
>> SP: So if you could
tell us a little bit
about what happened there,
and a little bit about her.
Now, I know that we're just
essentially eavesdropping
in on someone else's life
a bit for just a moment,
but if you'll indulge us?
>> RM: Man who gave
Margaret Thatcher her voice.
So when my mother had
passed and I'd moved
through this recalibration, and
was facing the possibility of,
well, do I return to acting?
It seems that that actually
is no longer on the cards,
because I've been initiated
into something very different --
I had a remarkable encounter,
a remeeting with a very
extraordinary woman by the name
of Cicely Berry, who is the
voice director of the RSC,
which I'd had connections
with in the '70s.
And Cicely very kindly
gave me my first job,
and it just so happened
that Margaret was also
in need of a coach.
>> SP: Margaret Thatcher, yes.
>> RM: And so yeah, so I
dove in at the deep end.
>> SP: Now, what stage was she
at this point in her career?
>> RM: She had just begun her
premiership, and she was moving
through what is now
historically, "the makeover,"
which Barry Humphrey, who's
the great drag artist,
has sort of taken in
another direction.
But yes, Margaret -- they key
thing I believe was moving
Margaret into a much
more universal style
of communication, rather than
being within the social caste
that had evidently been
appropriate for her
to live through, which was
sort of upper middle class --
I've been to Oxford, terribly
sort of rather like so.
And she needed gravitas and she
needed weight and she needed
to understand how to become
a persuasive personality
in the dogmatic rhetoric of
what politics was all about.
One of the chief skills
I remember that we looked
into was how to engage
magnetically the listener.
And so we use the rising
inflection, even at the end
of thought cadence, so that
she would always go up,
rather than to go down,
which is of course is
when people interrupt,
and that's why she was
always uninterruptable.
>> SP: So now this has to
be a general principle.
If you end a sentence
going down,
people think you're pausing for
a thought or a pregnant pause,
so they will interrupt
you or jump in...
>> RM: Yeah.
>> SP: ...but if you
go up, they won't?
>> RM: If you go up,
yeah, so rising...
>> SP: So this is what you
taught her, so she was able
to maintain the energy...
>> RM: Absolutely.
>> SP: ...and attention.
>> RM: So she seemed
indefatigable
and certainly uninterruptible.
>> SP: Well, now, Meryl
Streep, when she played --
she seemed to be -- I don't
know Margaret Thatcher --
she seemed to embody her in the
film "The Iron Lady," right?
>> RM: Yes, yes.
>> SP: And how did you
feel about her portrayal
and her voice and how she was
using it toward her powerful
end there?
>> RM: Amazing.
Absolutely.
>> SP: Did she really
capture it?
>> RM: Absolutely amazing.
It was like an animated
photographic representation
of what Margaret was
about: the sound cadence,
the idiosyncratic
quality of the way
that Margaret used her voice,
but not just the voice,
because we know that our
voice is a physical mechanism
that we use to communicate
the way we think
and the way we feel, so
therefore it emanates
from the body, the way
that she used her body
in terms of physical behavior.
And we could say it was an
impersonation, but actually,
it was a very genuine,
organic characterization.
>> RM: Yes, as though
she embodied it, yes.
>> SP: She is immensely
talented.
She's a shape-shifter,
isn't she?
>> RM: Yes.
Yes.
>> SP: And the greats, like
Meryl, like Daniel Day-Lewis,
Like Mark Rylance, like
Johnny Depp, something happens
within their cellular council,
and they richly change,
and she did.
Amazing, amazing, amazing.
I thought it was an
immensely touching film.
>> RM: It was.
I thought it was, too, but
just from a professional point
of view, she really captured
it, because she did have
that gravitas that
you're speaking of,
that you coached
Margaret Thatcher into.
>> SP: Yes.
>> RM: And you also
worked with Princess Di.
Now, how -- you must have
met her fairly early on,
before or after she was married?
>> SP: I remember first
meeting her at a garden party,
because when my parents
had died,
the Royal Family were very
sympathetically solicitous,
and had invited -- I have a
brother who's a year older --
had invited my brother
and I to a garden party
to check up on us, I think.
My brother didn't
come, but I went along,
and I was very kindly invited
into the Royal enclosure
to drink tea.
And there was this young
Diana, so we met then.
But this would have
been '82, possibly '83.
It was much later, it was
really during the mid '90s
that we met again,
and I was sought
out by her private secretary
who telephoned and said,
"Princess Diana -- she's
heard all about you;
she would very much
like to work wth you."
And I don't often speak
about this, but she was --
now that she is memorably
iconic in the sense of the fact
that I believe that we
all, even if we tainted her
when she was alive with our own
prejudices, we all recognize
that she was a collective
witness
of an extraordinary aspect
of human consciousness.
Without that, we saw what took
place within the initiation
of the collective --
and I'm talking not just
about the British people;
I'm talking about people
all around the world.
>> RM: Yes, that's true.
>> SP: When she eventually
passed, when she went
through that Diana huntress
initiation, of giving her life,
so to speak, to arouse
the divine feminine.
I feel that that was a crucial
turning point for us all.
But obviously I was
deeply shocked.
I was actually in the United
States when it took place.
I remember howling,
howling for an hour.
She was extraordinary,
very beautiful being,
love and compassion and
tremendous grace and fun.
>> SP: And fun, and you were
helping her establish her own
identity by this point, where
she was starting to take
on various pet projects
and such where she was out,
and she was actually
speaking publicly,
which she hadn't done
much to that point.
And so that's where
you were brought in.
>> RM: She was not an
easy speaker, publicly.
>> SP: Very shy.
>> RM: Very, very, very shy.
And so what I did with
Diana was to introduce her
to the whole nature of persona,
meaning that the very core
of my work is the
re-capitulation, so to speak,
of a very ancient premise
that was set up by the Romans,
which is that we each have
a note, we each have a sound
within us, and that
when we emit this sound,
we literally sing
the song of our soul.
They refer to this as being
persona, because persona
in Latin means per through sona,
sound, so we emit our beings
through sound, through persona.
And so they took
it further in terms
of classifying their
status in society,
that persona grata was somebody
who has the freedom of speech,
persona non grata was somebody
who as actually a non-person
so to speak, who would be
a servant, who would serve.
And in fact, we still use that
term today, because I remember
after the horror, or during
the horror of 9/11 that the man
and I believe men or the
women who were locked
in Tiananmen Bay were
called non-persons.
Their voice was taken from them.
>> SP: Yes.
>> RM: So I introduced
her to the notion
of that there were certain
sounds that we can use
that firstly entrain
our own consciousness
so that we literally integrate,
we come into a wholeness
of being, physically,
emotionally, and spiritually,
but also that when these sounds
leave us, they entrain others.
They're magnetic.
For example, if I sat
here and talked like this,
I think after a period
of time you probably...
>> SP: It hurts.
>> RM: Yeah.
>> SP: It's annoying.
>> RM: Exactly, so it's
very electrical, isn't it?
>> SP: It's annoying.
>> RM: But if I go back into
where I am now, it's the --
that's what I refer to as
being the magnetic voice.
It has weight, it has
substance, it has physicality...
>> SP: And we each have this?
>> RM: We each have it.
We each have it.
>> SP: And yet, so
few people resonate
at that level with their voice.
What's going on with us, that
obviously Diana did embody that.
She had an absolutely
beautiful speaking voice
by the time she started
maturing,
after these years
you're talking about.
What is it in us that's missing?
What are we not connecting
to in ourselves
to bring our full note through,
and how do we do
that, just in brief?
>> RM: I believe it's to do
with the way we're educated
and the way that
we're socialized,
because we're educated to just
purely be left brain thinkers.
We're educated to do,
do, do, do, do, do, do,
and that we forget that
we're human beings.
So effectively what we
do is that we fixate
on the doing center of the
body, so that what happens is
that the majority of
people just live here.
And of course, we hear
it very specifically
on this great island,
this great continent,
and the nasality is really
coming in, because here we are.
>> SP: You spent time
in New York, though.
>> RM: I spent time
in New York, right.
>> SP: Fair enough.
>> RM: And that's very
hybrid, of course,
and it's not (unintelligible).
>> SP: It's really coming
from the head alone,
because this is what
we're using all the time,
rather than actually what
I'm now professing in all
of the work, which is that
we have the thinking heart
and the feeling head, so that we
literally balance the fullness
of what our embodied
state is all about,
between how we feel our heart
and how we feel our head.
It's certain, going back to
what I was sharing with you
about the notion of persona,
that we each have a note,
we each have a significant
sound,
which in classical voice
coaching, spoken voice coaching,
is about finding the
center of our compass,
that our compass is
the whole of our range,
so how do we sit in
the middle of it?
Well, I believe that the middle
-- and if we think, for example,
a keyboard, we know that
the most important thing
about the piano is the fact
that it has a middle C. Well,
if I speak up here, I
speak in the treble;
if I speak down here,
I speak in the bass.
>> RM: It hurts when you speak
like that, it hurts my being.
>> SP: Well, I think if I
can talk to you like this,
you're going to get
very depressed.
>> RM: Right.
>> SP: You're going to be
pushing, slightly psychotic.
But if we play with both
hands, we've have a mixture
of the treble and
the bass together.
This is me mixing the harmonics.
Well, if we take that
horizontal plane and place it
into the spine vertically,
where's the middle here?
So we're literally
arising through here --
I think I shared this
with you earlier --
if words arise from the heart,
they will enter the heart.
If words arise from
the tongue alone,
they will not pass
beyond the ears.
>> RM: Yes.
>> SP: But unfortunately,
mass media communications,
particularly on this
great island,
tend to communicate
themselves like this...
>> RM: Absolutely.
>> SP: ...because again, we're
caught up in the rhetoric
of I say something
and you disagree
with me rather than let's agree.
>> RM: It's all heady and
vapid at that, so let's talk
about how we find our note.
Is it through chanting?
Is it through singing?
How do we find our
own unique note?
>> SP: Wonderful question.
These questions are
so stimulating.
Well, the first thing
is that the exciter
for the sound is our breath,
and most of us don't breathe,
or if we do breathe, we
breathe very shallowly.
>> RM: That's true.
>> SP: And so what I do
with somebody who's requesting
the information you just asked,
is to firstly tune
them into the way
that they're feeling their body,
the way that they're feeling
their spine as a central column
of support, and then
how the breath moves.
And of course, there's we today
who have awakened ourselves
over the last 25, 30 years,
about our bodies are the temples
of our soul, but we
believe that we just need
to be breathing in the abdomen.
And when we're in a deep
state of rest, we breathe just
into the abdomen, but what I
profess or what I counsel is
that when we open up the ribs
and the abdomen we have
a very strong support,
and when an individual is doing
this, of course, we're working
through this part of the body...
>> RM: I can hear when you're
speaking, where you're coming
from with each word, yes.
>> SP: That you can see it.
>> RM: Yes.
>> SP: Yes.
So that's how I begin it,
and then through breath
into sustained toning,
ahhhhh, or heeeeee,
you literally can feel
where the sound is coming
from in your body, and
then to make a choice
of where is my center?
Where do I feel most at home?
>> RM: Where's my
authentic note, yes.
>> SP: Where is my
authenticity, where is my truth,
and where our truth
is I believe --
hopefully this is perceivable,
that this is my truth,
this is my heart.
And then that engenders
the whole substance
of really what my
second book is all about,
which is the heart's node, that
actually we each are moving
into a great celebration
of the fact
that the heart is
the seat of the soul.
And so if we're sitting in the
seat of the soul with the sum
of our soul, then we're in a
really, really powerful space.
>> RM: Absolutely.
Okay, now we're going
to connect this back
with the story of the angels.
Because the book that
we're talking about today,
"The Angels of Atlantis,"
is really interesting
because you give a chronology of
sorts of how these beings move
through the ages from one
form of identity into another
and what they were known
as, and why the names
and the identities
have to shift.
Can you give us an
overview of that?
And then we'll get into some of
the very specifics of Michael
and some of the angelic
realm you've worked with.
>> SP: It's a fascinating
question, and I suppose
to alight on the absolute
premise of what you're asking,
is to talk a little
about Atlantis,
and why the angel of Atlantis.
>> RM: Yes.
>> SP: And the angels teach me
that it was a very extraordinary
project, so to speak,
a cosmic project that lasted for
probably about 250,000 years.
And certainly a thousand of
those years was when homosapien,
homosapiens that knew
that they were star seeds,
were living a 12-helix DNA, a 12
toque system, and therefore...
>> RM: In the earliest days?
>> SP: It -- probably in the
middle of the civilization.
>> RM: In the middle?
Okay.
>> SP: About 1,000
years, that the power
of the frequency was
thus, that they were able
to create a very
special biosphere,
an energetic proportion
around the globe,
which meant that they lived a
level of harmony that was one
of the most supreme
that was of harmony
that I believe this
planet has ever witnessed.
And I mention that simply
because that's the part
of the teaching of the
Angels of Atlantis in terms
of what's happening now.
Because the whole project
of Atlantis, we know went
through a cataclysmic finality.
All civilizations rise and fall.
What's interesting is that
the precepts have a continuum.
They are durable, they continue.
It's just that it seems that
there is a beginning and an end.
And that's somehow at the very
core of genesis, being the Gene
of Isis, that genesis
really is the very core
of what the divine feminine
is really all about,
what I believe is
the Gene of Isis.
So without getting too caught
up in all of the splendor
of this information, that
right at the very end,
I asked the angels, could you
tell me who were the priests
and priestesses of Atlantis?
By this time they taught me
there were 12 communions,
and the communions were
very specifically oriented
around certain crafts or
tasks or created actions,
which is not too
dissimilar to some
of our indigenous peoples
today, where the child is taken
by the elders at the age of
7, 8, 9 and it is revealed
through vision quest what the
incarnation or pathway is to be.
>> RM: Yes.
>> SP: And so there were
apparently these 12 communions
of approximately 144,000 people
who were part of a soul group
or a monad, and so I asked who
were the priests and priestesses
of these 12 communions, and
I was told categorically,
we will not tell you that.
And I asked why in a slightly
naughty way, and was told, well,
because the crystalline grid
of the planet is still being
repaired, a shock mechanism
that was set by the splitting
of the atom at the end
of the 19th century
was something
that once again created
an imbalance
within the crystalline
grid, and that we needed
to move successfully through
toward 10, 10, 10, 11, 11, 11,
and 12, 12, 12, where genetic
codes are open not just
within our bodies but also
within the crystalline
grid of the planet.
>> RM: I found that fascinating
on a personal level as well,
because I had been taken
back into a regression
in the end days, not knowing
that's what I was going toward,
I probably would
have avoided it,
by a woman named Dolores Cannon.
And the one thing I kept
saying repeatedly is
that we had ruined this matrix
between the sun and the Earth
and the systems, the matrix in
between, and it never occurred
to me, or I wasn't
seeing or understanding,
or it wasn't important in
that moment of the regression,
that this has a crystalline
interface, quite literally,
and they were using the large
crystals at that time...
>> SP: Absolutely, absolutely.
>> RM: ...when things went down.
>> SP: Yes.
>> RM: And I found
that fascinating.
That was a very important
thing that was destroyed,
and so they told you about this.
>> SP: Yes.
>> RM: That's the first time
I've heard someone else talk
about this.
>> SP: And you know, we know
the enormity of the essence
of what we're saying
at this moment.
>> RM: Yes.
>> SP: And I'm being
immensely simplistic
because of the nature of...
>> RM: It was devastating, yes.
>> SP: Absolutely extraordinary.
And so they have the technology
to be able to move largely
through ultrasound, to be
able to move great fields
of crystology into safekeeping.
And so effectively the
wonderment and the mystery
of their technology was partly
closed down while the priests
and priestesses moved through
the diaspora to colonize
in other areas of the world.
And of course,
it's topographically
or geographically...
>> RM: You wrote it
beautifully in here.
>> SP: ...identified there.
>> RM: Yes.
>> SP: The being of light that I
was always in association with,
which who I still am is Toth
or Thoth or Thothe, Tahuti,
the great master alchemist
known as the Scribe of the Gods,
who of course we know
in another aspect
of incarnation became Hermes
or Hermes Trismegistus,
the Thrice Born.
I believe then went
on and became Merlin
and Christopher Columbus and
Francis Bacon and [inaudible].
So we went to Egypt.
The unique thing about
Egypt, is really the Nile.
The Nile is the longest river
that we have on the planet,
almost over 4,000 miles long.
But it represented
the spine of Atlantis.
The spine of Atlantis was
an extraordinary river
which I believe was
called the Alph River,
at least that's how
I hear the sound
in my consciousness
during this life.
It possibly was something else,
because they used a phonetic
code that we don't use,
which is basically
vowel resonance.
What we've done over the
centuries is to bring in a lot
of consonant, which
is to do with the edge
of thought, so to speak.
The consonants actually...
>> RM: It's more linear.
>> SP: Yes, exactly.
And so they set up this
extraordinary magnification
of what Atlantis was all about,
in different areas of the world,
but specifically as I
was mentioning in Egypt.
And this is when the angels
really stepped forward
with the new paradigm teachings
that are very akin to so many
of our other great teachers of
today, whether it be Dolores
or Deepak or Mary Ann
and Mary Williamson,
about how we could actually use
these ancient understandings,
these new paradigm
principles, knowing full well
that actually they're universal
concepts that we once used
in a completely different way
in this context in Atlantis.
And so that's when they really
presented the whole body
of the work to me that we
see represented in this book.
So thank you for
your approbation.
>> RM: It's so well done,
because it's very clear
in its layout, but
also you go back
to after describing the traits
and the functions that each one
of these beings provides
for humanity
and then oftentimes
beyond, you also speak
about what happened during
the decline and the final days
of Atlantis, and then
the transition of each
of these beings, who
became then known
as something else throughout
Egyptian history, Greek history,
Roman history, but
essentially the same task.
>> SP: It's interesting, isn't
it that there is lineage.
>> RM: Yes.
>> SP: And that was what I
was hoping to intend earlier
when I was talking about the
durability or the endurance,
that the precepts live on, that
love is a cosmic principle,
the highest vibration
that we have.
And that lives on, that grace
lives on, that truth lives on.
>> RM: Yes.
>> SP: Except we
experience the hurly burly
of what cataclysm is all
about, and of course,
I'm being very euphemestic
when I say hurly burly,
because it's disatrous.
So the principle of -- I
asked them, well what happened
at the end of the Egyptian
civilization or what happened
when the Mayan people stepped
into the Fifth Dimension.
And I was told categorically,
well, you see, what happened is
that the lineage continued into
the Greek gods and goddesses,
and so what I've done hopefully
in the book, as effectively
as possible is to
balance the Greek
and the Egyptian names
that we were given.
And then on to Rome.
>> RM: No, I think you've
done a beautiful job.
I would like it if you
wouldn't mind, to go into some
of the traits specifically
of some of the angels.
And then we can't do all of
them because we'd be here
for another three hours, but
I know that Michael is near
and dear to you, so let's
speak about Michael first,
and talk about what this being
represents, what they bring
to us, the accessibility
of this being --
because this is something
people, because we are
so linear, how can a being speak
to so many at one time type
of thing, and you can explain
all these basic principles
to us.
>> SP: Well, the
finality of the lineage
up to this present chronology
that we're living in now,
was the inspiration of the
moment when the fact was shared
with me by these
extraordinary beings,
that the archetypes
reappeared in the mind
of a reincarnated
Atlantan priest wizard
by the name of Carl Jung.
And that I found fascinating
because immediately having taken
myself through Jungian therapy
as a young person to sort myself
out, and how the development
of conscious awareness of
the unconscious, so to speak,
if that's ever possible, came
much more of an interplay,
and I believe that
that's something that many
of us have shared
in our awakening
through this supposed New
Age, that the very fact
that we're here with
the 12 archetypes.
And so to swiftly move
into the archetype
that Michael represents,
that Michael in this form,
is always seen as
the great leader.
And we often see Michael with
a sword, the Sword of Truth.
I believe it's symbolic rather
than it's the statement
of a fierce warrior.
>> RM: Right.
>> SP: But if it is warrior
state, it's about remind us
of the bravery and the
courage and the steadfastness
of what the sacred
warrior is all about.
>> RM: Yes.
>> SP: However, I'm
mixing roles here,
because there is another angel
within the communion of the 12,
called Haniel, who is
appointed the warrior status,
whereas Michael was
the great leader.
So for me, Michael
has always appeared
as this extraordinary Amethyst
quality, that is in association
with the alchemy
of transmutation,
that nothing is singular,
everything is plural.
So if we can identify
what the disharmony is,
we can always move
it into harmony.
And of course, we know that
in the '30s Sazumain appeared
on Mount Shasta to
Jeffrey Ballard,
who gave him the
violent Flame Ceremony
that we know was
conducted in Atlantis,
that we know was conducted...
>> RM: That has endured
throughout the ages.
>> SP: Exactly.
>> RM: Yes.
>> SP: And now we are using
it, so this is this possibility
of a device, a tool a paradigm
whereby we can literally shift
and be led by the
master mistress aspect
of our own destiny.
Having said that that's all
very lofty and very real.
>> RM: But people are saying
yes, but who do we talk to
and what can you do us?
>> SP: Yeah, there is a website
that I've created called
the AngelsofAtlantis.com,
which is purely a temple
where people can go to listen
to prayers that the angels
have given me, and to listen
to meditations that the
angels have given me.
So it's my voice taking people
through sonic meditations.
But you know, it's
successfully one
of the most clickable website.
>> RM: Yes, wonderful.
>> SP: Millions of
people click on just
to receive the countenance
of the angels.
So if I may drop in the
principle of why are they here?
>> RM: Yes.
>> SP: These ideas
are fascinating,
but why are they here,
literally at this time.
Because many of the great angel
mediums that we know of today
who have published many books,
are speaking about the fact
that this appears to be
a new wave of angels,
and it's highly significant.
I believe that they are
here to teach us one thing,
to teach us to love for the
sake of love rather than love
for the sake of being loved,
and that we are not alone,
because it seems effectively
that our growth process
through the substance of
individuation since the end
of the 19th century, is
to unplug from patriarchy,
to unplug from that system
that has always held us,
and if we unplug,
well, who do we go to?
And what we've effectively
done through all
of our psychotherapy are shrink
or our self-empowerment
processes, getting healthy
and drinking a lot of water, et
cetera, et cetera, et cetera,
et cetera, all the many
manifestations that there are,
that we've reached this
point where we're standing
in the sovereignty
of our own beings.
We're beginning to see
what the implications
of being a master mistress of
our own destiny is all about.
But I feel alone, and
then we realize that no,
we're not alone, we're all one,
and that's why they're here.
They're here as instruments to
remind us that we are not alone.
Because we know that 9/10ths
of the population believe
in angelic phenomenon, and
yet, if you ask most people
about the physical
manifestation of angels,
they are somewhat confused,
because they're still
feeling alone.
And so one of the great methods
that I move in using Michael,
is that we each have
a guardian angel.
Now, that guardian angel
maybe an archangel,
but generally speaking
is an emissary
of the archangelic communion.
>> RM: Yes, there are many,
many guides and angels.
>> SP: Millions of
thoughts of God.
>> RM: Yes.
Yes. Yes.
>> SP: But if we can just
call in this guardian,
and we will always, always be
directed, and then if we reach
into Michael as the
great leader,
Metatron as the great teacher,
Jofrial as the great liberator,
and Gabriel as the great
messenger, so to speak,
that these beings are
immensely practical.
They of course have
this venerated position
that they are immensely
powerful plasmic forces
but at the same time, Metatron
comes flashing on the screen.
>> RM: Yes.
>> SP: And here is the -- these
are the -- this is the situal.
A situal is a very
ancient symbole
that captures geometic principle
that captures the essence
of the being of an entity,
and so this is literally
Metatron's heart.
>> RM: Which is the
diamond, and purity, white.
>> SP: Which is the
diamond, yeah, yeah,
and here we see Metatron
as the supernal teacher.
So Metatron as we know,
was the prophet Inuk,
who is seen to be gracious
in the eyes of the Lord,
and I think began to transit
when he was 950, or something,
950 years of age, and was
asked by the Infinite One
to literally move in
his body into heaven,
and through the device that
we now know as the Mirkabar.
In Ziku, I believe, through
her is the Chariot of Fire,
surrounded by the seraphin
and the Urim and the Thumin.
He actually ascends into
heaven and has become Metatron,
just as the prophet
Elijah became Sandlefon,
which Sandlefon means Twin
Brother because Metatron
and Sandlefon twin up
together and they work
as a sort of wonderful duo.
>> RM: Because a lot of people
claim to be channeling Metatron,
I think some of them
are genuinely channeling
that information very clearly.
>> SP: Yes.
>> RM: You're receiving
information
and direct communication
very clearly.
What is this being -- first
of all, what did they become
after the Atlantan period
through Egypt and so forth?
And what is he here, "it,"
he, the being here to do?
>> SP: His being.
>> RM: His being here to do at
this time and to hold for us
and allow us access to?
>> SP: Yes.
Because we love to
project human qualities
onto these forces, don't we?
>> RM: We do, and - and
Metatron's everywhere right now.
>> SP: Yeah, yeah,
so we say he or she.
>> RM: He, she.
>> SP: And to me they're
nonsexual, completely nonsexual.
>> RM: Yes.
It just sounds so
odd to say "it,"
because we're so conditioned.
>> RM: I try to refer
to them as being "they."
>> SP: They, yes, better.
>> RM: The orb wanderers.
So for me the teaching
that Metatron gives me is
that they is a divine
intelligence that is awakening
within us at the moment.
We know very remarkable things
are taking place on our planet,
as we sit almost in the
middle of this vortex
of the spiritual revolution,
where immense things
are being revealed to us
about our physical
emotional mentor
and spiritual capabilities.
The wisdom of this I believe,
is of a divine bueprint status,
and so I believe
that what Metatron,
who sits on the right-hand
side of divine, as it were,
has is the key into the Akashic.
And therefore, Metatronic
energy, metatronic teaching,
all the healing processes that
are emerging at this time,
is because of this
infinite connection.
Words fail in an
infinite connection,
this supernal celestial movement
into the very technology that is
at the core of this
infinite cosmos.
>> SP: Yes.
>> RM: That the source is an
infinitely unfolding creative
possibility full of love and
joy and that we I believe,
are here to embody our
divine status in human form,
that this is the only
planet of choice.
So how are we doing?
Well, we're getting
there, maybe,
at least my positivism
always leads us to the fact
that we are moving in the right
direction, and that we're here
to optimize our creative
energy full of love and joy.
So how do we optimize that?
Firstly, it seems that
we're technological beings
that have developed
our left brains
in the most extraordinary
way, and of course,
technology today is advancing
and advancing and advancing,
and we know that the technology
that is hidden from us
by our world governments
is infinitely more advanced
than anything we
actually have in...
>> SP: What do they
say, 50 to 100 years,
and that's exponential.
>> RM: Yeah, and particularly
within the intelligence
of this great continent.
>> SP: Yes.
>> RM: Because there is a reason
for why this great
continent is the way it is,
and that it will become
a huge pioneering force
within the redevelopment
of, or the recalibration,
of the way that we're beginning
to live our lives through truth,
through the essence
of authenticity,
of transparency,
and by recognizing actually
that the heart is
at the core of this.
So the technology comes
in, but in conjunction
with what we're establishing
through our right brains,
or through the knowledge of
our connection with spirit,
which I believe is the
wonderment of our beings,
that Metatron allows us
to balance these forces,
so it brings in, they bring in,
this extraordinary intelligence,
which allows us to see
that we are much more
than we perhaps initially
dreamed of being,
that we are the stuff
that dreams are made of,
and that we are star
seeds in connection
with this supraintelligence,
that goes beyond
words [inaudible].
>> SP: And at the same time they
begin, they also are charged
with helping us to go back
into memory of technology even.
>> RM: Yeah, yeah.
>> SP: The technologies that
would be brought forward
that do make some
major adjusments
on the planet in the future.
>> RM: Absolutely.
>> SP: In a good way.
>> SP: Yes.
>> RM: And of course, you know,
there maybe may be viewers
who are thinking, "Well, what's
the Akashic," and I believe
that -- my understanding of
the Akashic in terms of the way
that they teach me, is
that it's a memory belt...
>> SP: Yes.
>> RM: ...of all the forces...
>> SP: A collective memory, yes.
>> RM: ...being, being
thought within the substance...
>> SP: And that includes
the blueprints for many,
many things, including
technology.
>> RM: Absolutely, absolutely.
And so whatever was stashed
away because of the cataclysm
that we were referring
to earlier, that that,
so much of that information
is now coming back to us,
but is coming back with
a worthiness, I pray,
whereby we can understand
the substance
of how this technology can
assist us to be better people
and not to disempower
ourselves, our connective,
or indeed other people in
other areas of [inaudible].
>> Or to be used for distraction
and Tesla certainly has
to be one of those figures.
He plays prominently into
that remembrance, certainly.
So give us an idea
now, Metatrons,
the change of perception of
his being, and the re-imaging
and such became what, as
we came into Greece and --
Egypt, Greece and
Rome -- Metatron?
>> SP: Well, we go straight into
the Greek philosophic schools,
the great mystery schools of
Greece, that this I believe is
where -- because we can argue,
in Western civilization,
that Greece and Rome
were arugably the origins
of western civilization.
Okay, we know we're
going to be...
>> RM: You take it
back to Egypt,
which takes it back
to Atlantis, yes.
>> SP: Exactly, and then to
Mary Ann and then [inaudible].
So I just wanted to drop
that in, because we are...
>> RM: Very important.
>> SP: ...exploding thought.
So what Metatron does I believe
through the Greek formation
of ideas, is to really bring in
the essence of the philosophic,
and initiate the Goddess Sophia,
who is the Goddess of Wisdom,
hence, the root of
the Greek word Philos
so the love of wisdom.
The love of Sophia is
the love of wisdom.
And the practicability
of the way
that the philosophies were
handed down, through initiation
after initiation, through
collective rituals,
but were a way of being able
to draw the infinite technology
into the experience of
what it is to be human,
so that the idea
is, the notions,
the ways of being literally
became embodied substances.
>> RM: Yes.
>> SP: The other -- in
fact, the illustration here
that we've used, that
Metatron asked me to use,
is Gothic architecture.
It's actually the ceiling
of King's Cottage --
of King's Cambridge.
And so what's extraordinary
about this is
that we see the substance
of geometry.
>> RM: That was technology and
sacred geometry combined, yes.
>> SP: Exactly.
And you know, Gerta said
that all architecture
is frozen music,
so there is vibration
within this.
Whenever I'm there -- I know we
hear great sound acoustically
from the choir singing at
King's, but whenever I'm there
in silence, I hear a vibration.
>> RM: And there's
the perfusion of orbs.
>> SP: And there's orbs,
orbs, orbs, orbs, orbs.
And I believe it's Eben
Alexander who in Proof
of Heaven, refers to the fact
that he continuously
hears this celestial sound
of the ohm spinning
melodies surrounded by orbs.
So it's the same thing.
>> RM: Yes.
Okay, let's talk a little
bit about - there was --
I think it was Raphael, because
so many people are in crisis,
so many people need healing,
and I thought, we only have
about three or four
minutes left.
Give us an idea of what Raphael
is here to provide for humanity.
>> SP: Well, we see
it in this icon,
because here we have this
Tree of Life, and so I believe
that what we're waking up to
is that our bodies are opening
to their genetic blueprints,
so that we're beginning to see
that yes, I have created cancer,
but at the same time I have the
possibility if I have the wit
to do it, if the
initiation is rightful
within my incarnateful
process, I can cure this,
I can turn this around.
And of course, we
know many miracles
where people turn the disharmony
into harmony, because we know
that our bodies in terms of the
tree of Life and the evocation
of what it is to
ascend and descend,
descend through the
Tree of Life,
that our bodies are
actually blueprinted for help
and not blueprinted for
disease, and so we can shift it.
And so what we have here
are I hope vieweres can see,
these two beautiful hands,
these feminine hands,
holding the grace
of the Tree of Life,
and then of course the doves of
peace flying through the air.
And so what Raphael is asking us
to do is to really get healthy
with our bodies, and once more
substance of that, for example,
to be to "Why are
we eating meat?"
This is what the angels
keep saying to me,
"Please communicate
that meat is dead flesh.
There is no light within it."
And one of the things
that they want to do is
to literally get deep
within the alimentary canal,
because that's the
darkest area of our beings
so that we become
filled with light.
And so again with the tree of
Life we're being asked to look
into the flora and
the fauna of nature
and start eating more
vegetables and fruit.
It's very simple.
>> RM: And as people have viewed
into the future, I've had some
of those instances myself.
What I keep seeing
is the same thing.
Our diet becomes more light
filled, it becomes more green,
it becomes more liquid.
>> SP: Yes.
>> RM: And that I
have also been told
that our digestive tracts
will begin atrophying toward
that end.
So I can understand that what
they're saying has a great deal
of truth, even though we're
in that incredible cross-over
period of time where some
of our bodies are still craving
protein at the time we're trying
to take this on board.
And so what about the
whole notion of going back
to a 12-stranded DNA
matrix as humans?
What about that?
>> SP: Well, we're
gestating, I believe.
We're really evolving at
this time, so we're moving
from a double helix
into a triple helix.
But I guess that that's the
fruit of another conversation.
>> RM: Yes, I think
it probably is.
Any final thoughts in terms
of -- having the faith,
because it does come down
to faith, to understand,
for people who don't see,
like the diamond sparks
around your head and such -- if
we're not seeing these things,
how do you tell people
in just a minute or so
to give themselves permission to
please call upon these forces?
They're there for them.
>> SP: Thank you so much,
because I wanted to drop this
in because we're using
fairly lofty thoughts,
and what I wanted to drop in,
so that we really bet back
to the Earth, is the nature
of the fact that these beings
of light are immensely
practical.
They can be really ordinary.
For example, Michael, who's been
with me for many, many years,
is really Greg with electrics.
So -- let's see if I can
be really fast with this --
about three years ago, I
was finishing writing one
of my books, and I stayed
in the house in London
to finish this at Eastertime.
And I normally love
Easter in New York City
because I love the
spring in New York City.
However, I stayed in London to
finish the book, very dutifully,
and on Mournday thursday,
the Thursday before
Easter the electrics
in the house went haywire --
I have no central heating.
It suddenly became
immensely cold.
So of course, I called
an engineer
to fix this combination central
heating/hot water/boiler thing
that I had, and the engineer
came in said, "Aw, no, sorry,
Gaffner, no, there's
this special part, right,
I fine I have to fix it and
I won't be able to get it
for the next five days,
whatever, you know what I mean."
And so what am I going to do?
It was literally freezing cold.
I'll have to move into a hotel.
I got on my knees and I prayed
to Michael, please fix this.
Five minutes later, I was
back into the book surrounded
by coats and scarves,
and I thought,
"I've got to get
to the bathroom."
Walking through the
house, thinking,
"Why is it so hot in here?"
And all the heating
had come back on.
So Michael will fix it.
>> RM: You had stories
in your book like this,
but also personally you
have many, many more.
So we just have to
know they're there.
We need to take the
responsibility to ask.
Right? Thank you so much,
and I hope we do have
another conversation.
>> SP: Bless you.
>> RM: I know you have
another book coming out soon.
So Stewart has written books,
recorded sound healing CDs
and gives workshops on healing
with the angel and voice.
You can go to his website at the
alchemyofvoice.com to connect
with all of these tools.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaim TV.